docs(billing): Clarify free trials and 3DS limitation (#3506)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/billing/overview.mdx

### Does Clerk Billing support additional factor authentication like 3D Secure?

Clerk Billing does not currently support additional factor authentication. Users will receive an error indicating that the provided payment method requires additional confirmation, which Clerk Billing does not support, and will be asked to use a different payment method.

> This limitation is particularly relevant in the UK and EU, where banks commonly require 3D Secure (3DS) challenges. It also affects [free trials](/docs/guides/billing/free-trials): even if you disable the payment method requirement so users can start a trial without entering payment details, renewals at the end of the trial will still fail if the user's payment method requires a 3DS challenge — because the charge happens in the background with no user present to complete it.

Reviewer: This sentence is super log and a bit hard to read. Can we break it down?

Reviewer 2: Yeah gonna push a docs review with changes @mzhong9723

> This limitation is particularly relevant in the UK and EU, where banks commonly require 3D Secure (3DS) challenges. It also affects [free trials](/docs/guides/billing/free-trials): even if you disable the payment method requirement so users can start a trial without entering payment details, renewals at the end of the trial will still fail if the user's payment method requires a 3DS challenge — because the charge happens in the background with no user present to complete it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Clerk Billing does not currently support payment methods that require additional authentication, such as 3D Secure (3DS). Payments that require a 3DS challenge will fail because Clerk Billing cannot prompt users to complete the authentication step.

This limitation is particularly relevant in the UK and EU and may affect [free trials](/docs/guides/billing/free-trials), since renewal charges are processed in the background without the user present to complete authentication.
```

Reviewer 2: What do we think @mauricioabreu @mzhong9723 ?

Author: Awesome! ty! :shipit:
